Chapter 1 Introduction to AWS Cloud API

1. Which of the following is typically used to sign API calls to AWS services?
A. Customer master key (CMK)
B. AWS access key
C. IAM user name and password
D. Account number
2. When you make API calls to AWS services, for most services those requests are directed at a 
specific endpoint that corresponds to which of the following?
A. AWS facility
B. AWS Availability Zone
C. AWS Region
D. AWS edge location
3. When you’re configuring a local development machine to make AWS API calls, which of the 
following is the simplest secure method of obtaining an API credential?
A. Create an IAM user, assign permissions by adding the user to an IAM group with IAM 
policies attached, and generate an access key for programmatic access.
B. Sign in with your email and password, and visit My Security Credentials to generate an 
access key.
C. Generate long-term credentials for a built-in IAM role.
D. Use your existing user name and password by configuring local environment variables.
4. You have a large number of employees, and each employee already has an identity in an 
external directory. How might you manage AWS API credentials for each employee so that 
they can interact with AWS for short-term sessions?
A. Create an IAM user and credentials for each member of your organization.
B. Share a single password through a file stored in an encrypted Amazon S3 bucket.
C. Define a set of IAM roles, and establish a trust relationship between your directory 
and AWS.
D. Configure the AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to store credentials for each user.
5. You have a team member who needs access to write records to an existing Amazon 
DynamoDB table within your account. How might you grant write permission to this 
specific table and only this table?
A. Write a custom IAM policy that specifies the table as the resource, and attach that 
policy to the IAM user for the team member.
B. Attach the DynamoDBFullAccess managed policy to the IAM role used by the team 
member.
C. Delete the table and recreate it. Permissions are set when the DynamoDB table 
is created.
D. Create a new user within DynamoDB, and assign table write permissions.
6. You created a Movies DynamoDB table in the AWS Management Console, but when you 
try to list your DynamoDB tables by using the Java SDK, you do not see this table. Why?
A. DynamoDB tables created in the AWS Management Console are not accessible from 
the API.
B. Your SDK may be listing your resources from a different AWS Region in which the 
table does not exist.
C. The security group applied to the Movies table is keeping it hidden.
D. Listing tables is supported only in C# and not in the Java SDK.
7. You make an API request to describe voices offered by Amazon Polly by using the AWS CLI, 
and you receive the following error message:
Could not connect to the endpoint URL:
https://polly.us-east-1a.amazonaws.com/v1/voices
What went wrong?
A. Your API credentials have been rejected.
B. You have incorrectly configured the AWS Region for your API call.
C. Amazon Polly does not offer a feature to describe the list of available voices.
D. Amazon Polly is not accessible from the AWS CLI because it is only in the AWS SDK.
8. To what resource does this IAM policy grant access, and for which actions?
{
"Version": "2012-10-17",
"Statement": {
 "Effect": "Allow",
 "Action": "s3:ListBucket",
 "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::example_bucket"
}
}
A. The policy grants full access to read the objects in the Amazon S3 bucket.
B. The policy grants the holder the permission to list the contents of the Amazon S3 
bucket called example_bucket.
C. Nothing. The policy was valid only until October 17, 2012 (2012-10-17), and is now 
expired.
D. The policy grants the user access to list the contents of all Amazon S3 buckets within 
the current account.
9. When an IAM user makes an API call, that user’s long-term credentials are valid in which 
context?
A. Only in the AWS Region in which their identity resides
B. Only in the Availability Zone in which their identity resides
C. Only in the edge location in which their identity resides
D. Across multiple AWS Regions
10. When you use identity federation to assume a role, where are the credentials you use to 
make AWS API calls generated?
A. Access key ID and secret access key are generated locally on the client.
B. The AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) generates the access key ID, secret access 
key, and session token.
C. The AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) generates a customer master key 
(CMK).
D. Your Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) identity provider generates the 
access key ID, secret access key, and session token.
11. You have an on-premises application that needs to sample data from all your Amazon 
DynamoDB tables. You have defined an IAM user for your application called 
TableAuditor. How can you give the TableAuditor user read access to new DynamoDB 
tables as soon they are created in your account?
A. Define a custom IAM policy that lists each DynamoDB table. Revoke the access key, 
and issue a new access key for TableAuditor when tables are created.
B. Create an IAM user and attach one custom IAM policy per AWS Region that has 
DynamoDB tables.
C. Add the TableAuditor user to the IAM role DynamoDBReadOnlyAccess.
D. Attach the AWS managed IAM policy AmazonDynamoDBReadOnlyAccess to the 
TableAuditor user.
12. The principals who have access to assume an IAM role are defined in which document?
A. IAM access policy
B. IAM trust policy
C. MS grant token
D. AWS credentials file
13. A new developer has joined your small team. You would like to help your team member set 
up a development computer for access to the team account quickly and securely. How do 
you proceed?
A. Generate an access key based on your IAM user, and share it with your team member.
B. Create a new directory with AWS Directory Service, and assign permissions in the AWS 
Key Management Service (AWS KMS).
C. Create an IAM user, add it to an IAM group that has the appropriate permissions, and 
generate a long-term access key.
D. Create a new IAM role for this team member, assign permissions to the role, and 
generate a long-term access key.
14. You have been working with the Amazon Polly service in your application by using the 
Python SDK for Linux. You are building a second application in C#, and you would like to 
run that application on a separate Windows Server with .NET. How can you proceed?
A. Migrate all your code for all applications to C#, and modify your account to a 
Windows account.
B. Go to the Amazon Polly service, and change the supported languages to include .NET.
C. Install the AWS SDK for .NET on your Windows Server, and leave your existing 
application unchanged.
D. Implement a proxy service that accepts your API requests, and translate them to 
Python.
15. You are a Virginia-based company, and you have been asked to implement a custom 
application exclusively for customers in Australia. This application has no dependencies on 
any of your existing applications. What is a method you use to keep the customer latency to 
this new application low?
A. Set up an AWS Direct Connect (DX) between your on-premises environment and US 
East (N Virginia), and host the application from your own data center in Virginia.
B. Create all resources for this application in the Asia Pacific (Sydney) Region, and 
manage them from your current account.
C. Deploy the application to the US East (N Virginia) Region, and select Amazon EC2 
instances with enhanced networking.
D. It does not matter which region you select, because all resources are automatically 
replicated globally.
Chapter 1: Introduction to AWS 
Cloud API
1. B. The specific credentials include the access key ID and secret access key. If the access key 
is valid only for a short-term session, the credentials also include a session token.
AWS uses the user name and passwords for working with the AWS Management Console, 
not for working with the APIs. Data encryption uses the customer master keys, not API 
access.
2. C. Most AWS API services are regional in scope. The service is running and replicating 
your data across multiple Availability Zones within an AWS Region. You choose a regional 
API endpoint either from your default configuration or by explicitly setting a location for 
your API client.
3. A. The AWS SDK relies on access keys, not passwords. The best practice is to use AWS 
Identity and Access Management (IAM) credentials and not the AWS account credentials. Comparing IAM users or IAM roles, only IAM users can have long-term security 
credentials.
4. C. Although you can generate IAM users for everyone, this introduces management overhead of a new set of long-term credentials. If you already have an external directory of your 
organization’s users, use IAM roles and identity federation to provide short-term, sessionbased access to AWS.
5. A. The permissions for DynamoDBFullAccess managed policy grant access to all Amazon 
DynamoDB tables in your account. Write a custom policy to scope the access to a 
specific table. You can update the permissions of a user independently from the lifecycle of 
the table. DynamoDB does not have its own concept of users, but it uses the AWS API and 
relies on IAM.
6. B. You can view or manage your AWS resources with the console, AWS CLI, or AWS SDK. 
The core functionality of each SDK is powered by a common set of web services on the 
backend. Most AWS services are isolated by AWS Region.
7. B. If you look closely at the URL, the AWS Region string is incorrectly set as us-east-1a, 
which is specific to the Availability Zone. An AWS Region string ends in a number, and the 
correct configuration is us-east-1. If the error was related to API credentials, you would 
receive a more specific error related to credentials, such as AccessDenied.
8. B. This policy allows access to the s3:ListBucket operation on example_bucket as a 
specific bucket. This does not grant access to operations on the objects within the bucket. 
IAM is granular. The date in the Version attribute is a specific version of the IAM policy 
language and not an expiration.
9. D. The long-term credentials are not limited to a single AWS Region. IAM is a global service, and IAM user credentials are valid across different AWS Regions. However, when the 
API call is made, a signing key is derived from the long-term credentials, and that signing 
key is scoped to a region, service, and day.
10. B. The AssumeRole method of the AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) returns the 
security credentials for the role that include the access key ID, secret access key, and session 
token. AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) is not used for API signing. The identity 
provider may provide a SAML assertion, but AWS STS generates the AWS API credentials.
11. D. The DynamoDBReadOnlyAccess policy is a built-in policy that applies to the resource *
wildcard, which means that it applies to any and all DynamoDB tables accessible from the 
account regardless of when those tables were created. Because IAM policies are related to 
the IAM user, not the access key, rotating the key does not affect the policy. IAM policies 
are also global in scope, so you do not need a custom one per AWS Region. You can add 
IAM users to IAM groups but not IAM roles. Instead, roles must be assumed for short-term 
sessions.
12. B. The IAM trust policy defines the principals who can request role credentials from the 
AWS STS. Access policies define what API actions can be performed with the credentials 
from the role.
13. C. You can define an IAM user for your new team member and add the IAM user to an 
IAM group to inherit the appropriate permissions. The best practice is not to use AWS 
account root user credentials. Though you can use AWS Directory Service to track users, 
this answer is incomplete, and the AWS KMS is not related to permissions. Roles can be 
assumed only for short-term sessions—there are no long-term credentials directly associated with the role.
14. C. The AWS API backend is accessed through web service calls and is operating system– 
and programming language–agnostic. You do not need to do anything special to enable 
specific programming languages other than downloading the appropriate SDK.
15. B. The primary latency concern is for customers accessing the data, and there are no 
explicit dependencies on existing infrastructure in the United States. Physically locating the 
application resources closer to these users in Australia reduces the distance that the information must travel and therefore decreases the latency.
Chapter 2: Introduction to Compute 
and Networking
1. When you launch an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance, which of the 
following is the most specific type of AWS entity in which you can place it?
A. Region
B. Availability Zone
C. Edge location
D. Data center
2. You have saved SSH connection information for an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon 
EC2) instance that you launched in a public subnet. You previously stopped the instance the 
last time you used it. Now that you have started the instance, you are unable to connect to 
the instance using the saved information. Which of the following could be the cause?
A. Your SSH key pair has automatically expired.
B. The public IP of the instance has changed.
C. The security group rules have expired.
D. SSH is enabled only for the first boot of an Amazon EC2 instance.
3. You are working from a new location today. You are unable to initiate a Remote Desktop 
Protocol (RDP) to your Windows instance, which is located in a public subnet. What could 
be the cause?
A. Your new IP address may not match the inbound security group rules.
B. Your new IP address may not match the outbound security group rules.
C. RDP is not available for Windows instances, only SSH.
D. RDP is enabled only for the first 24 hours of your instance runtime.
4. You have a backend Amazon EC2 instance providing a web service to your web server 
instances. Your web servers are in a public subnet. You would like to block inbound 
requests from the internet to your backend instance but still allow the instance to make 
API requests over the public internet. What steps must you take? (Select TWO.)
A. Launch the instance in a private subnet and rely on a NAT gateway in a public subnet 
to forward outbound internet requests.
B. Configure the security group for the instance to explicitly deny inbound requests from 
the internet.
C. Configure the network access control list (network ACL) for the public subnet to 
explicitly deny inbound web requests from the internet.
D. Modify the inbound security group rules for the instance to allow only inbound 
requests from your web servers.
5. You have launched an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance and loaded 
your application code on it. You have now discovered that the instance is missing applications on which your code depends. How can you resolve this issue?
A. Modify the instance profile to include the software dependencies.
B. Create an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) user, and sign in to the 
instance to install the dependencies.
C. Sign in to the instance as the default user, and install any additional dependencies that 
you need.
D. File an AWS Support ticket, and request to install the software on your instance.
6. How can code running on an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance 
automatically discover its public IP address?
A. The public IP address is presented to the OS on the instance automatically. No extra 
steps are required.
B. The instance can query another Amazon EC2 instance in the same Amazon Virtual 
Private Cloud (Amazon VPC).
C. You must use a third-party service to look up the public IP.
D. The instance can make an HTTP query to the Amazon EC2 metadata service at 
169.254.169.254.
7. How can you customize the software of your Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon 
EC2) instance beyond what the Amazon Machine Image (AMI) provides?
A. Provide a user data attribute at launch that contains a script or directives to install 
additional packages.
B. Additional packages are installed automatically by placing them in a special Amazon 
Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket in your account.
C. You do not have permissions to install new software on Amazon EC2 aside from what 
is in the AMI.
D. Unlock the instance using the AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) and then 
sign in to install new packages.
8. You have a process running on an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance 
that exceeds the 2 GB of RAM allocated to the instance. This is causing the process to run 
slowly. How can you resolve the issue?
A. Stop the instance, change the instance type to one with more RAM, and then start the 
instance.
B. Modify the RAM allocation for the instance while it is running.
C. Take a snapshot of the data and then launch a new instance. You cannot change the 
RAM allocation.
D. Send an email to AWS Support to install additional RAM on the server.
9. You have launched an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Windows instance, 
and you would like to connect to it using the Remote Desktop Protocol. The instance is in 
a public subnet and has a public IP address. How do you find the password to the Administrator account?
A. Decrypt the password by using the private key from the Amazon EC2 key pair that you 
used to launch the instance.
B. Use the password that you provided when you launched the instance.
C. Create a new AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role, and use the password 
for that role.
D. Create an IAM user, and use the password for that user.
10. What steps must you take to ensure that an Amazon EC2 instance can receive web requests 
from customers on the internet? (Select THREE.)
A. Assign a public IP address to the instance.
B. Launch the instance in a subnet where the route table routes internet-bound traffic to 
an internet gateway.
C. Launch the instance in a subnet where the route table rules send internet-bound traffic 
to a NAT gateway.
D. Set the outbound rules for the security group to allow HTTP and HTTPS traffic.
E. Set the inbound rules for the security group to allow HTTP and HTTPS traffic.
11. Which of the following are true about Amazon Machine Images (AMI)? (Select TWO.)
A. AMI can be used to launch one or multiple Amazon EC2 instances.
B. AMI is automatically available in all AWS Regions.
C. All AMIs are created and maintained by AWS.
D. AMIs are available for both Windows and Linux instances.
12. Which of the following are true about Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) 
instance types? (Select TWO.)
A. All Amazon EC2 instance types include instance store for ephemeral storage.
B. All Amazon EC2 instance types can use EBS volumes for persistent storage.
C. Amazon EC2 instances cannot be resized once launched.
D. Some Amazon EC2 instances may have access to GPUs or other hardware 
accelerators.
13. Which of the following actions are valid based on the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud 
(Amazon EC2) instance lifecycle? (Select TWO.)
A. Starting a previously terminated instance
B. Starting a previously stopped instance
C. Rebooting a stopped instance
D. Stopping a running instance
14. You have a development Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance where 
you have installed Apache Web Server and MySQL. How do you verify that the web server 
application can communicate with the database given that they are both running on the 
same instance?
A. Modify the security group for the instance.
B. Assign the instance a public IP address.
C. Modify the network access control list (network ACL) for the instance.
D. No extra configuration is required.
15. What type of route must exist in the associated route table for a subnet to be a public subnet?
A. A route to a VPN gateway
B. Only the local route is required.
C. A route to an internet gateway
D. A route to a NAT gateway or NAT instance
E. A route to an Amazon VPC endpoint
16. What type of route must exist in the associated route table for a subnet to be a private subnet that allows outbound internet access?
A. A route to a VPN gateway
B. Only the local route is required.
C. A route to an internet gateway
D. A route to a NAT gateway or NAT instance
E. A route to an Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) endpoint
17. Which feature of Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) enables you to see which 
network requests are being accepted or rejected in your Amazon VPC?
A. Internet gateway
B. NAT gateway
C. Route table
D. Amazon VPC Flow Log
18. Which AWS service enables you to track the CPU utilization of an Amazon Elastic 
Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance?
A. AWS Config
B. AWS Lambda
C. Amazon CloudWatch
D. Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)
19. What happens to the data stored on an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume 
when you stop an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance?
A. The data is moved to Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3).
B. The data persists in the EBS volume.
C. The volume is deleted.
D. An EBS-backed instance cannot be stopped.
20. Which programming language can you use to write the code that runs on an Amazon EC2 
instance?
A. C++
B. Java
C. Ruby
D. JavaScript
E. Python
F. All of the above
21. You have launched an Amazon EC2 instance in a public subnet. The instance has a public 
IP address, and you have confirmed that the Apache web server is running. However, your 
internet users are unable to make web requests to the instance. How can you resolve the 
issue? (Select TWO.)
A. Modify the security group to allow outbound traffic on port 80 to anywhere.
B. Modify the security group for the web server to allow inbound traffic port 80 from 
anywhere.
C. Modify the security group for the web server to allow inbound traffic on port 443 
from anywhere.
D. Modify the security group to allow outbound traffic from port 443 to anywhere.
22. Which of the following are the customer’s responsibility concerning Amazon EC2 
instances? (Select TWO.)
A. Decommissioning storage hardware
B. Patching the guest operating system
C. Securing physical access to the host machine
D. Managing the sign-in accounts and credentials on the guest operating system
E. Maintaining the software that runs on the underlying host machine
Chapter 2: Introduction to Compute 
and Networking
1. B. You launch Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances into specific subnets that are tied to specific Availability Zones. You can look up the Availability Zone in 
which you have launched an Amazon EC2 instance. While an Availability Zone is part of a 
region, this answer is not the most specific. You do not get to choose the specific data center, and edge locations do not support EC2.
2. B. When you stop an Amazon EC2 instance, its public IP address is released. When you 
start it again, a new public IP address is assigned. If you require a public IP address to be 
persistently associated with the instance, allocate an Elastic IP address. SSH key pairs and 
security group rules do not have any built-in expiration, and SSH is enabled as a service by 
default. It is available even after restarts. Security groups do not expire.
3. A. A restricted rule that allows RDP from only certain IP addresses may block your request 
if you have a new IP address because of your location. Because you are trying to connect to 
the instance, verify that an appropriate inbound rule is set as opposed to an outbound rule. 
For many variants of Windows, RDP is the default connection mechanism, and it defaults 
to enabled even after a reboot.
4. A, D. The NAT gateway allows outbound requests to the external API to succeed while 
preventing inbound requests from the internet. Configuring the security group to allow 
only inbound requests from your web servers allows outbound requests to succeed because 
the default rule for the security group allows outbound requests to the APIs that your web 
service needs. Option B is incorrect because security group rules cannot explicitly deny 
traffic; they can only allow it. Option C is incorrect because network ACLs are stateless, 
and this rule would prevent all of the replies to your outbound web requests from entering 
the public subnet.
5. C. You are in full control over the software on your instance. The default user that was 
created when the instance launched has full control over the guest operating system and 
can install the necessary software. Instance profiles are unrelated to the software on the 
instance.
6. D. You can query the Amazon EC2 metadata service for this information. Networking 
within the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) is based on private IP addresses, 
so this rules out options A and B. Because the metadata service is available, you are not 
required to use a third-party service, which eliminates option C.
7. A. You can implement user data to execute scripts or directives that install additional 
packages. Even though you can use Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) to stage 
software installations, there is no special bucket. You have full control of EC2 instances, 
including the software. AWS KMS is unrelated to software installation.
8. A. Amazon EC2 instances are resizable. You can change the RAM available by changing 
the instance type. Option B is incorrect because you can change this attribute only when the 
instance is stopped. Although option C is one possible solution, it is not required. Option D 
is incorrect because the RAM available on the host server does not change the RAM allocation for your EC2 instance.
9. A. AWS generates the default password for the instance and encrypts it by using the public 
key from the Amazon EC2 key pair used to launch the instance. You do not select a password when you launch an instance. You can decrypt this with the private key. IAM users 
and IAM roles are not for providing access to the operating system on the Amazon EC2 
instance.
10. A, B, E. For an instance to be directly accessible as a web server, you must assign a public IP address, place the instance in a public subnet, and ensure that the inbound security 
group rules allow HTTP/HTTPS. A public subnet is one in which there is a direct route to 
an internet gateway. Option C defines a private subnet. Because security groups are stateful, 
you are not required to set the outbound rules—the replies to the inbound request are automatically allowed.
11. A, D. You can use an AMI as a template for launching any number of Amazon EC2 
instances. AMIs are available for various versions of Windows and Linux. Option B is false 
because AMIs are local to the region in which they were created unless they are explicitly 
copied. Option C is false because, in addition to AWS-provided AMIs, there are third-party 
AMIs in the marketplace, and you can create your own AMIs.
12. B, D. Option B is true; Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) provides persistent storage for all types of EC2 instances. Option D is true because hardware accelerators, such as 
GPU and FGPA, are accessible depending on the type of instance. Option A is false because 
instance store is provided only for a few Amazon EC2 instance types. Option C is incorrect 
because Amazon EC2 instances can be resized after they are launched, provided that they 
are stopped during the resize. Hardware accelerators, such as GPU and FGPA, are accessible depending on the type of instance.
13. B, D. Only instances in the running state can be started, stopped, or rebooted.
14. D. Both the web server and the database are running on the same instance, and they can 
communicate locally on the instance. Option A is incorrect because security groups apply 
to only network traffic that leaves the instance. Option C is incorrect because network 
ACLs apply only to traffic leaving a subnet. Similarly, option B is incorrect because the 
public IP address is required for inbound requests from the internet but is not necessary for 
requests local to the same instance.
15. C. A public subnet is one in which there is a route that directs internet traffic (0.0.0.0/0) to 
an internet gateway. None of the other routes provides a direct route to the internet, which 
is required to be a public subnet.
16. D. A private subnet that allows outbound internet access must provide an indirect route to 
the internet. This is provided by a route that directs internet traffic to a NAT gateway or 
NAT instance. Option C is incorrect because a route to an internet gateway would make 
this a public subnet with a direct connection to the internet. The remaining options do not 
provide access to the internet.
17. D. Amazon VPC Flow Logs have metadata about each traffic flow within your Amazon 
VPC and show whether the connection was accepted or rejected. The other responses do 
not provide a log of network traffic.
18. C. Amazon CloudWatch is the service that tracks metrics, including CPU utilization for an 
Amazon EC2 instance. The other services are not responsible for tracking metrics.
19. B. EBS volumes provide persistent storage for an Amazon EC2 instance. The data is persisted until the volume is deleted and therefore persists on the volume when the instance is 
stopped.
20. F. You can install any software you want on an Amazon EC2 instance, including any interpreters required to run your application code.
21. B, C. Web requests are typically made on port 80 for HTTP and port 443 for HTTPS. 
Because security groups are stateful, you must set only the inbound rule. Options A and D 
are unnecessary because the security group automatically allows the outbound replies to the 
inbound requests.
22. B, D. The customer is responsible for the guest operating system and above. Options C and 
E fall under AWS responsibility. AWS is responsible for the virtualization layer, underlying 
host machines, and all the way down to the physical security of the facilities
